>> Brian Holt: That is the intermediate
React v6 course you did it.
I recognize that this is a lot
of information all at once,
but after taking complete intro and
now intermediate React,
you really are well equipped to
deal with any React-shaped problem.
There's a handful of other things
that exist in the React API.
Most of them are for like framework
authors, like use layout effect, or
what was the other one?
Like use it, like insertion styles,
or something that for
a CSS injection stuff like that.
They're made for people that are building
the libraries on top of React to offer
other people, and
not application developers,
which is to say that I don't use them
because I'm not a library author, right?
So in other words, you really don't
need to know about the other hooks.
I mean, take a look, they're kind of fun,
but you don't need to.
So where do you go from here?
I gave you some ideas along the way of
like maybe introducing auth into some of
your apps would be a good idea,
take the next.js app and deploy it.
Vercel is perfect for that, because that's
what Vercel is essentially made for.
But this could work on Netlify,
this could work on, I don't know,
Azure static web apps AWS,
what is they call it?
What do they call it?
>> Speaker 2: Amplify?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
amplify exactly, thank you.
GCP, like App Engine or Firebase, actually
probably be a closer analogy for that.
Move your database to the cloud,
I give you like the notes do DB obviously
I'm biased cuz neon's pretty cool, but
you could take this to any
one of the cloud databases.
We talked about adding auth,
yeah, to go back to your note,
passing app and add some more features.
You could make it into
more of a Twitter feed so
you can see what other people
are posting to each other.
You can make a wall that you could
post to add an admin feature.
Something really cool you could do is use
something like AWS Bedrock, or was it
together AI, that you can use different or
Github models, is another one.
And have an AI social network that
will pass notes to each other,
that can be pretty fun.
But in any case, go build something.
That's the best thing you can do right
now is just go and practice this, because
that'll help you really solidify what you
learned and what you need to go review on.
Yeah, it'll help.
In any case, please let me know, I left my
links here for Twitter and for Blue Sky.
I'm always interested
in what you all build.
So thanks for attending,
this was a lot of fun, and
I'll see you at the next course because
they keep letting me in the building.
>> [APPLAUSE]